Feature/timi/search guide (#605)
MapsIndoors/docs: src/android/v3/guides/search/extras/java-display-search.md

```java
MapsIndoors.getLocationsAsync(mpQuery, mpFilter, (locations, error) -> {
    if (locations != null && !locations.isEmpty()) {

>         //Query with the locations from the query result. Set animateCamera true for animation. Give a 40 dp padding, so that markers are not on the border of the view

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        //Query with the locations from the query result. Set animateCamera:true for animation. Give a 40dp padding, so that markers are not on the border of the view
```
